web_widget_progressbar_gradient/README.rst, before:

===============================
Web Widget Progressbar Gradient
===============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:52cefe47def0fe37ee1abf6e7e2e7a7d91a660212b9e1729421d1bd15449af98
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fweb-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/16.0/web_widget_progressbar_gradient
    :alt: OCA/web
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/web-16-0/web-16-0-web_widget_progressbar_gradient
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/web&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to display progress bars with colorized gradient bar.
The color will increase following value from green passing per yellow
and finishing to red.

|Progressbar Gradient|

.. |Progressbar Gradient| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/16.0/web_widget_progressbar_gradient/static/description/progressbar_gradient.png

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

- When declaring a progressbar field, use the 'progressbar_color'
  widget.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

- Be able to configure steps values for the three colors and also in
  inversed mode.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_widget_progressbar_gradient%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
------------

- Denis Roussel denis.roussel@acsone.eu
- Jacques-Etienne Baudoux je@bcim.be

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-rousseldenis| image:: https://github.com/rousseldenis.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rousseldenis
    :alt: rousseldenis

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-rousseldenis| 

This module is part of the `OCA/web <https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/16.0/web_widget_progressbar_gradient>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] web_widget_progressbar_gradient: Add inverse option
Allows to reverse the gradient rendering

web_widget_progressbar_gradient/README.rst, after:

===============================
Web Widget Progressbar Gradient
===============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:52cefe47def0fe37ee1abf6e7e2e7a7d91a660212b9e1729421d1bd15449af98
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fweb-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/16.0/web_widget_progressbar_gradient
    :alt: OCA/web
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/web-16-0/web-16-0-web_widget_progressbar_gradient
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/web&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to display progress bars with colorized gradient bar.
The color will increase following value from green passing per yellow
and finishing to red.

- Normal rendering:

|Progressbar Gradient|

- Reverse rendering:

|Progressbar Inverse Gradient|

.. |Progressbar Gradient| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/16.0/web_widget_progressbar_gradient/static/description/progressbar_gradient.png
.. |Progressbar Inverse Gradient| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/16.0/web_widget_progressbar_gradient/static/description/progressbar_gradient_inverse.png

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

- When declaring a progressbar field, use the 'progressbar_color'
  widget.
- Add the inverse option to reverse the colors on the progress bar
  field: ``options="{'inverse': true}"``

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

- Be able to configure steps values for the three colors and also in
  inversed mode.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_widget_progressbar_gradient%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
------------

- Denis Roussel denis.roussel@acsone.eu
- Jacques-Etienne Baudoux je@bcim.be
- Souheil Bejaoui souheil.bejaoui@acsone.eu

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-rousseldenis| image:: https://github.com/rousseldenis.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rousseldenis
    :alt: rousseldenis

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-rousseldenis| 

This module is part of the `OCA/web <https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/16.0/web_widget_progressbar_gradient>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
